hi Malcolm from basketballs here this
morning i'm talking about keeping your
aerosol cans are safe and then an ESD
environment here is the micro key
arranged in this range are all the flux
cleaners and blasts and things you'll
need contact us for more information on
there what i really want to talk to you
about today is the trigger group the
trigger group is asked because you are
used in the ESD environment so i'm just
going to give you a quick demo here I've
he even really save some product
whichever one you require I've got a
board here done we sold a job on it I'm
going to put a cloth underneath it just
so that we don't make a mess and I've
got a cloth here I'm just going to pop
that cloth over the top give this a we
blasted product you can see how much i'm
using the air it hasn't even made it all
the way off the cloth there yet just
giving this a week scrub at the same
time with the brush that's supplied yeah
let's just see what's happened here as
you can see the nice brown dot there are
flux that's been lifted off onto the
cloth the cloth doesn't even wait all
the way around that's how much product
i've used if you wish to flush that off
you can but no product has even got onto
this cloth here so that you can save a
lot of product and be very safe with a
trigger grub or you can use the steps
out here this is an extension from the
Keen metal components your wrist it's is
the discharge is going to be ESD safe
with your trigger grip you've got a
range of brushes and needles to get into
those tricky spots or do scrubbing jobs
which ever you require and that's really
as simple as it gets